com/sample/authenticator/server/IFidoServer.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.IFidoServer
com/sample/authenticator/server/ServerUtils.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.ServerUtils
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerRegInfoResponse.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerRegInfoResponse
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerAttestationResultResponseRequest.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerAttestationResultResponseRequest
com/sample/authenticator/BuildConfig.java
 com.sample.authenticator.BuildConfig
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerRegInfo.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerRegInfo
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerStatus.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerStatus
com/sample/authenticator/MemoryMonitor.java
 com.sample.authenticator.MemoryMonitor
 com.sample.authenticator.MemoryMonitor$1
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerAuthenticatorSelectionCriteria.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerAuthenticatorSelectionCriteria
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerPublicKeyCredentialCreationOptionsResponse.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerPublicKeyCredentialCreationOptionsResponse
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerRegInfoRequest.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerRegInfoRequest
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerAttestationResultRequest.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerAttestationResultRequest
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerResponse.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerResponse
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerAssertionResultRequest.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerAssertionResultRequest
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerPublicKeyCredentialEntity.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerPublicKeyCredentialEntity
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerPublicKeyCredentialDescriptor.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerPublicKeyCredentialDescriptor
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerPublicKeyCredentialUserEntity.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerPublicKeyCredentialUserEntity
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerPublicKeyCredentialCreationOptionsRequest.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerPublicKeyCredentialCreationOptionsRequest
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerAssertionResultResponseRequest.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerAssertionResultResponseRequest
com/sample/authenticator/server/FidoServerSimulator.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.FidoServerSimulator
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerRegDeleteRequest.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerRegDeleteRequest
com/sample/authenticator/server/ByteUtils.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.ByteUtils
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerPublicKeyCredentialRpEntity.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerPublicKeyCredentialRpEntity
com/sample/authenticator/server/param/ServerPublicKeyCredentialParameters.java
 com.sample.authenticator.server.param.ServerPublicKeyCredentialParameters
com/sample/authenticator/Fido2DemoMainActivity.java
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$1
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$1$1
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$10
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$11
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$12
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$13
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$14
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$15
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$16
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$17
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$18
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$19
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$2
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$2$1
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$3
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$4
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$5
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$6
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$7
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$8
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$8$1
 com.sample.authenticator.Fido2DemoMainActivity$9
